Add documentation for types and serializers (#1286)
IBM/unitxt: docs/docs/glossary.rst

   :alt: The unitxt prompt structure
   :width: 75%
   :align: center

Serialization
--------------

> Is the process of taking a specific field of a task a converting it into a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Serialization** Is the process of taking a specific field of a task a converting it into a string.  
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for asking for my help -- looking good, couple more comments
 - please change "Is" to "is" with a lowercase i
 - please change "a" to "and" here -- "...field of a task a converting it..." to "...field of a task and converting it..."

This process is controlled by the :ref:`Serializer <serializers>`.

> Unlike the verbalization which is task specific, namely putting into words an input of a specific task, the serialization

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is distinction is right (verbalization is task specific vs serialization which I not).

**Verbalization** is the process of taking the task fields and converting them into their
textual representation, which is provided as input to the model.

Type serialization is part of the verbalization process and is often related to the template used.
The other type is the template formatting, which verbalizes how the text representation of the fields are arranged in the prompt.

> Unlike the verbalization which is task specific, namely putting into words an input of a specific task, the serialization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The serialization of the task fields is part of the verbalization process performed by the  :ref:`Templates <template>`.
```
